Courses (#460)
OxfordRSE/gutenberg: docs/concepts.md

---
title: Core Concepts
permalink: /concepts/
nav_order: 5
---

This page explains the main ideas behind Gutenberg.

## Material repositories

> Gutenberg renders authored markdown learning material from one or more configured material repositories. Those repositories provide the underlying themes, courses, and sections that appear under `/material`.

Reviewer: using "courses" is a bit confusing here...
```suggestion
Gutenberg renders authored markdown learning material from one or more configured material repositories. Those repositories provide the underlying course material and metadata that appear under `/material`.
```

Reviewer: or perhaps "material sections" instead of "course material"....?
